Add restore-aware logic to datapath connector (#45120)
cilium/cilium: Documentation/operations/performance/tuning.rst

``veth`` (default)      Use veth devices operating at Layer2.
``netkit``              Use netkit in Layer3 mode. Cilium will error on startup if unsupported.
``netkit-l2``           Use netkit in Layer2 mode. Cilium will error on startup if unsupported.
``auto``                Auto-detect at runtime: prefer datapath mode of existing workloads; otherwise use netkit (Layer3) if kernel support is present, fallback to veth.
======================= =======================================================================================

.. note::
    In-place upgrade by just enabling netkit on an existing cluster is not
    possible since the CNI plugin cannot simply replace veth with netkit after
    Pod creation. Also, running both flavors in parallel is currently not supported.

    When ``bpf.datapathMode=auto`` is used, Cilium will continue operating with
    the datapath mode of any existing workloads that are restored on agent restart.

>     For example, if a node restarts with existing Pods using veth, Cilium will
>     retain veth mode, it will not switch those workloads to netkit. This prevents
>     Cilium from failing to start during configuration updates.

Reviewer: nit for clarity for new workloads as well.

```suggestion
    For example, if a node restarts with existing Pods using veth, Cilium will
    retain veth mode, it will not switch those workloads to netkit. All new
    workloads will also be created with veth mode. This ensures that the node
    consistently uses only one datapath mode at a time.
```

Reviewer: (I refrained from asserting that different nodes in the cluster could have different modes in this suggested text, because that complicates the narrative a bit.. though I do wonder if we should convey that idea somehow.)
